Clarify Git handling during merge (#10517)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/menus/version-control-menu/merge-dialog.md

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/modeling/menus/version-control-menu/merge-dialog/merge-dialog.png" alt="Merge Dialog" class="no-border" >}}

{{% alert color="info" %}}

> Git ensures that changes are not applied incorrectly. This may lead to unexpected results if your branch reverts a previous commit. See [Reverting Uncommitted Changes](/refguide/using-version-control-in-studio-pro/#revert-previous-commit) in *Using Version Control in Studio Pro* for more information.

Reviewer: The word 'incorrectly' in this sentence is a bit too vague. Can you further specify that?

Author: @tknippenberg how about
```suggestion
Git ensures that changes are applied in the correct order and are not duplicated. This may lead to unexpected results if your branch reverts a previous commit. See [Reverting Uncommitted Changes](/refguide/using-version-control-in-studio-pro/#revert-previous-commit) in *Using Version Control in Studio Pro* for more information.
```
